Update --aws-profile information for Security Lake (#8199)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/cloud-security/amazon/services/supported-services/security-lake.rst

Authentication
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The available authentication configuration parameters are the following:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: It's not originally  requested in the associated issue and it's redundant due to [line 165](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation/pull/8199/files#diff-651036a831d9e22f1ea5144d53f9876a76928e6e9c28c1959922c1673fcea61cR165) above and not consistent with`Queue configuration` above.

-  ``<iam_role_arn>``: Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the corresponding IAM role to assume.
-  ``<external_id>``: External ID to use when assuming the role.

> -  ``<aws_profile>``: A valid profile name from a Shared Credential File or AWS Config File with the permission to access the service. By default, the integration uses the settings found in the ``default`` profile. For this configuration, we use the ``dev`` profile, replace this with the appropriate profile defined in your :ref:`credential file <aws_profile>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  ``<aws_profile>``: A valid profile name from a Shared Credential File or AWS Config File with permissions to access the service. By default, the integration uses the settings found in the ``default`` profile. For this configuration, we use the ``dev`` profile. Replace it with the appropriate profile defined in your :ref:`credential file <aws_profile>`.
```
